c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.dll.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.OwinHost.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Operation.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.OwinHost.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.Migrations.initial.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FullStackApp\FullStackApp.Infrastructure\obj\Debug\FullStackApp.Infrastructure.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
